my name is Zachary Pavan I got the
nickname nubs when I was 10 years old
the tips of my fingers got caught in a
pulley the way I had to get the mat was
I had to actually pull and tear them off
so losing my fingertips and I went on to
become a rock climber a mountain guide I
did all those different things so it
didn't hold me back from what I wanted
to do and I wanted to let people know no
matter what's happened to you that's not
your identity
we work with adaptive athletes but what
we really do is work with our friends
and we go through obstacle courses and
the Spartan Race will find your strength
and will find your struggle having each
other around gets you through that so if
you help somebody else overcome
something then you might have the
courage to let them help you
get over something and that's the beauty
of our community
we're in a battle every day no matter
what you've got going on whether it's
depression or it's anxiety or you just
you're not living that life that you
want it's a battle in your own mind and
so the armor represents going into that
battle
whatever destructive thought comes at
you or whatever negativity a block with
the shield and keep your heart protected
and you just go for
I might be an amputee I might have
depression and addictions and all those
things are true for me but that's not my
identity the shadow is there the
struggle is there but you can make the
choice to be more than that to have more
faith to have more love to have more
hope and to have more heart than stars
my name is Zachary nubs Pavin I have
more heart than scars and I am a Spartan